README.md, before:

# C language examples
This repository contains various examples of C programming language code snippets and projects. Each example is designed to demonstrate different features and functionalities of the C language.

저는 현장에서 java, c#, javascript, python 등 다양한 언어를 사용하고 있지만, 가장 기본이 되는 언어는 C언어라고 생각합니다.
C언어는 시스템 프로그래밍, 임베디드 시스템, 운영체제 개발 등 다양한 분야에서 사용되며, 다른 언어의 기초가 되는 중요한 언어입니다.
따라서 C언어를 잘 이해하고 활용하는 것은 프로그래밍 전반에 큰 도움이 됩니다.
이 저장소는 C언어의 다양한 예제를 통해 학습하고자 하는 분들에게 도움이 되고자 합니다.

---

## Contents
- [Hello World](hello.c)
- [Data Types](data_types.c)
- [Functions](functions.c)
- [Pointers](pointers.c)
- [Arrays](arrays.c)
- [Structures](structures.c)
- [Unions](unions.c)
- [Enums](enums.c)
- [Typedefs](typedefs.c)
- [Memory Management](memory_management.c)
- [File I/O](file_io.c)
- [Dynamic Memory Allocation](dynamic_memory.c)
- [Dynamic 2D Array Allocation](dynamic_2d_arrayEx.c)
- [Stack Data Structure](stack.c)
- [Queue Data Structure](queue.c)
- [Linked List Structure](linked_list.c)
- [Double Linked List](double_linked_list.c)
- [Circular Linked List](circular_linked_list.c)
- [Binary Trees](binary_trees.c)
- [Hash Tables](hash_tables.c)
- [Graphs](graphs.c)
- [Searching Algorithms](searching.c)
- [Sorting Algorithms](sorting.c)
- [Recursion Examples](recursion_examples.c)
- [Bit Manipulation](bit_manipulation.c)
- [Preprocessor Directives](preprocessor.c)
- [Error Handling](error_handling.c)
- [Multithreading](multithreading.c)
- [Networking](networking.c)
- [Socket Programming](socket_programming.c)
- [Makefile Example](Makefile)
- [README](README.md)

---

## compile and run
To compile and run the examples, you can use the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
$ make       # This will compile all examples
$ ./main.exe # This will run the main example
```

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the directory containing the examples.
3. Compile all example using `make` command.
4. Run the compiled executable ( ./main.exe )to see the output.
---

Commit message:

feat: added Snake, Tetris game

README.md, after:

# C language examples
This repository contains various examples of C programming language code snippets and projects. Each example is designed to demonstrate different features and functionalities of the C language.

저는 현장에서 java, c#, javascript, python 등 다양한 언어를 사용하고 있지만, 가장 기본이 되는 언어는 C언어라고 생각합니다.
C언어는 시스템 프로그래밍, 임베디드 시스템, 운영체제 개발 등 다양한 분야에서 사용되며, 다른 언어의 기초가 되는 중요한 언어입니다.
따라서 C언어를 잘 이해하고 활용하는 것은 프로그래밍 전반에 큰 도움이 됩니다.
이 저장소는 C언어의 다양한 예제를 통해 학습하고자 하는 분들에게 도움이 되고자 합니다.

---

## Contents
- [Hello World](hello.c)
- [Data Types](data_types.c)
- [Functions](functions.c)
- [Pointers](pointers.c)
- [Arrays](arrays.c)
- [Structures](structures.c)
- [Unions](unions.c)
- [Enums](enums.c)
- [Typedefs](typedefs.c)
- [Memory Management](memory_management.c)
- [File I/O](file_io.c)
- [Dynamic Memory Allocation](dynamic_memory.c)
- [Dynamic 2D Array Allocation](dynamic_2d_arrayEx.c)
- [Stack Data Structure](stack.c)
- [Queue Data Structure](queue.c)
- [Linked List Structure](linked_list.c)
- [Snake Game](snake_gameEx.c)
- [Tetris Game](tetris_gameEx.c)
- [Double Linked List](double_linked_list.c)
- [Circular Linked List](circular_linked_list.c)
- [Binary Trees](binary_trees.c)
- [Hash Tables](hash_tables.c)
- [Graphs](graphs.c)
- [Searching Algorithms](searching.c)
- [Sorting Algorithms](sorting.c)
- [Recursion Examples](recursion_examples.c)
- [Bit Manipulation](bit_manipulation.c)
- [Preprocessor Directives](preprocessor.c)
- [Error Handling](error_handling.c)
- [Multithreading](multithreading.c)
- [Networking](networking.c)
- [Socket Programming](socket_programming.c)
- [Makefile Example](Makefile)
- [README](README.md)

---

## compile and run
To compile and run the examples, you can use the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
$ make       # This will compile all examples and create the 'main' executable
$ ./main     # This will run the main example
```

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the directory containing the examples.
3. Compile all example using `make` command.
4. Run the compiled executable ( ./main ) to see the output.
---
